_pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "Quentin De Coninck - Home"
layout: homelay
excerpt: "Quentin De Coninck's Home Page"
sitemap: false
permalink: /
---

<div class="col-sm-12 clearfix">
<div class="col-sm-4 clearfix">
<p></p>
<img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/qdeconinck.png" class="img-responsive" width="100%" style="float: center" />
</div>
<div class="col-sm-8 clearfix">
I just graduated as a Ph.D. under the supervision of Prof. Olivier Bonaventure at [UCLouvain](https://uclouvain.be).
I am part of the [IP Networking Lab](https://inl.info.ucl.ac.be/) research group.
My UCLouvain page is available [here](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/quentin.deconinck).

My research activites and publications are detailed in the [research section]( {% link _pages/research.md %} ) of this website.

You may also have a look at my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.be/citations?user=2akL5ySI3O0C&hl=en) profile.

My thesis is freely available [here](/assets/thesis_deconinck.pdf) and you can watch my public thesis defense [on YouTube](https://youtu.be/b2FWfT9b3Ws?t=132).
</div>
</div>

Commit message:

add a teaching page + update activities

_pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "Quentin De Coninck - Home"
layout: homelay
excerpt: "Quentin De Coninck's Home Page"
sitemap: false
permalink: /
---

<div class="col-sm-12 clearfix">
<div class="col-sm-4 clearfix">
<p></p>
<img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/qdeconinck.png" class="img-responsive" width="100%" style="float: center" />
</div>
<div class="col-sm-8 clearfix">
I just graduated as a Ph.D. under the supervision of Prof. Olivier Bonaventure at [UCLouvain](https://uclouvain.be).
I am part of the [IP Networking Lab](https://inl.info.ucl.ac.be/) research group.
My UCLouvain page is available [here](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/quentin.deconinck).

My research interests include, but are not limited to, multipath transport protocols, network support for user mobility and system architecture.

My research activites and publications are detailed in the [research section]( {% link _pages/research.md %} ) of this website.
You can also retrieve the materials related to previously presented tutorials on the [teaching page]( {% link _pages/teaching.md %} ).

You may also have a look at my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.be/citations?user=2akL5ySI3O0C&hl=en) profile.

My thesis is freely available [here](/assets/thesis_deconinck.pdf) and you can watch my public thesis defense [on YouTube](https://youtu.be/b2FWfT9b3Ws?t=132).
</div>
</div>
